# Contributing to Eclipse Generation Factories

Thanks for your interest in this project.

## Project description

  EGF (Eclipse Generation Factories) is a software factory tool with the
purpose to generate software artifacts, such as code or application. Links: EGF
Wiki, Download and installation of EGF   EGF is a software factory tool which
enables to develop simple and complex generators. A workflow enables to
orchestrate and execute different kind of tools (e.g., ATL for model-to-model
transformations, Acceleo for model-to-text transformations) and code written in
a language (e.g., Java, Ant, JRuby). EGF also includes a declarative formalism
of pattern with the capability to develop customizable generations. The
extensibility of EGF enables to support new tools or languages for
orchestration, and to support new types of generation formalisms. All the
generation elements are encapuslated in factory components. A coherent set of
factory components defines a generation portfolio reusable and customizable in
different project contexts. EGF is released with two demonstrative and
operational generation portfolios. The first one enriches the EMF generation
with new features: i) generation of new types of artefacts (e.g., JavaDoc,
ecoretools diagrams), ii) customization of the EMF generation with patterns,
iii) a generation DSL to easily configure an EMF generation. The second EGF
portolfio is a DSL and generator for continuous integration in order to
facilitate the definition of continuous integration chains and to target new
integration continuous platforms while the continuous integration tools evolve.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/modeling.emf.egf

## Terms of Use

This repository is subject to the Terms of Use of the Eclipse Foundation

* https://www.eclipse.org/legal/termsofuse.php

## Developer resources

Information regarding source code management, builds, coding standards, and
more.

* https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/modeling.emf.egf/developer

The project maintains the following source code repositories

* https://github.com/eclipse/emf.egf

## Eclipse Development Process

This Eclipse Foundation open project is governed by the Eclipse Foundation
Development Process and operates under the terms of the Eclipse IP Policy.

* https://eclipse.org/projects/dev_process
* https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Eclipse_IP_Policy.pdf

## Eclipse Contributor Agreement

In order to be able to contribute to Eclipse Foundation projects you must
electronically sign the Eclipse Contributor Agreement (ECA).

* https://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php

The ECA provides the Eclipse Foundation with a permanent record that you agree
that each of your contributions will comply with the commitments documented in
the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). Having an ECA on file associated with
the email address matching the "Author" field of your contribution's Git commits
fulfills the DCO's requirement that you sign-off on your contributions.

For more information, please see the Eclipse Committer Handbook:
https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-commit

## Contact

Contact the project developers via the project's "dev" list.

* https://dev.eclipse.org/mailman/listinfo/egf-dev